Matcher s3 sync (#550)
ZupIT/charlescd: utils/matcher-s3-sync/README.md

![CharlesCD Logo](../../images/logo.png)

# About

> Matcher-s3-sync is a tool to synchronize the charlescd-circle-matcher and charlescd-moove databases with CSV files hosted in AWS S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matcher-s3-sync is a tool to synchronize charlescd-circle-matcher and charlescd-moove's databases with CSV files hosted in AWS S3.
```

> Charles CD accepts two types of segmentation, manual and CSV import. Both need that the user interacts with the charles interface, making this process onerous in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charles CD accepts two types of segmentation, manual and CSV import. Both need that the user interacts with Charles' interface, making this process onerous in some cases.
```

> This tool has been created to facilitate this process, Matcher-s3-sync will get csv files in some S3 bucket and update charlescd database with the information in those CSV files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool has been created to facilitate this process, Matcher-s3-sync will get csv files in some S3 bucket and update Charles CD database with the information in those CSV files.
```

# Conditions
 - The S3 bucket needs to respect the following rules:

>     - each subfolder of this bucket must be a circle previously created in the CharlesCD and the name of this subfolder must be the circle ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - each subfolder of this bucket must be a circle previously created in Charles CD and the name of this subfolder must be the circle ID.
```

    - the CSV inside every subfolder must respect the following documentation in [CSV import section](https://docs.charlescd.io/reference/circles)

>     - To make compatible with AWS Athenas, the CSV files have to be compressed (.gz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - to make compatible with AWS Athenas, the CSV files have to be compressed (.gz).
```

    - Matcher-S3-Sync will get always the newest object in each folder.

>  - Matcher-S3-sync need some ENV variables to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Matcher-S3-sync need some ENV variables to work:
```
